DOCS-12265-revise mutual authentication page (#505)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/config-mutual-auth.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

[IMPORTANT]
--

> Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and Anypoint control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.

Reviewer: Not sure about "Anypoint control plane". Correct?

> Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and Anypoint control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.

Author: ```suggestion
Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and the Anypoint Platform control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.
```

> Mutual authentication for connectivity between the Runtime Fabric and Anypoint control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.

Author: ```suggestion
Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and Anypoint control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.
```

> Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and the Anypoint Platform control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication are relevant only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutual authentication for connectivity between Runtime Fabric and the Anypoint Platform control plane is enabled by default for Runtime Fabric versions 1.6.45 and later. The following instructions to enable mutual authentication apply only to those versions earlier than 1.6.45.
```

--

Mutual authentication improves the security of communication between Runtime Fabric and Anypoint Platform and is highly recommended. 

> If you're on a Runtime Fabric version earlier than 1.6.45, you can enable mutual authentication using the Runtime Fabric API. Or, on Anypoint Runtime Fabric version 1.3.60 or later, you can use Runtime Manager to enable it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Runtime Fabric versions earlier than 1.6.45, enable mutual authentication using the Runtime Fabric API. For Runtime Fabric versions 1.3.60 and later, use Runtime Manager to enable it.
```

> If you're on aRuntime Fabric version earlier than 1.6.45, you can enable mutual authentication using the Runtime Fabric API. Or, on Anypoint Runtime Fabric version 1.3.60 or later, you can use Runtime Manager to enable it.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're on a Runtime Fabric version earlier than 1.6.45, you can enable mutual authentication using the Runtime Fabric API. Or, on Anypoint Runtime Fabric version 1.3.60 or later, you can use Runtime Manager to enable it.
```

* EU control plane:
** `configuration-resolver.prod-eu.msap.io:443`

> Failure to meet these requirements before enabling mutual authentication results in errors with creating and managing application deployments in Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer: Is it "in" or "on"?

Author: ```suggestion
Failure to meet these requirements before enabling mutual authentication results in errors with creating and managing application deployments on Runtime Fabric.
```

./rtfctl update
./rtfctl test outbound-network --mutual-tls-check
----

== Enable Mutual Authentication from Runtime Manager

> . From Runtime Manager, select the appropriate environment and click Runtime Fabrics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From Runtime Manager, select the appropriate environment and click *Runtime Fabrics*. 
```
